[FR] Added business card features (#15829)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/formrecognizer/azure-ai-formrecognizer/README.md

}
```

### Recognize business cards
Recognize data from business cards using a prebuilt model. Business card fields recognized by the service
can be found [here][service_recognize_business_card].
See [StronglyTypedRecognizedForm][strongly_typed_sample] for a suggested approach to extract

> information from a business card. The given sample is for `receipt` but the same approach applies to `business card`.

Reviewer: I would recommend adding a simialr sample for businesscards.

Author: as discussed in the scrum. Won't need to add a stronglyTyped sample for Buisness Card

SyncPoller<FormRecognizerOperationResult, List<RecognizedForm>> analyzeBusinessCardPoller =
    formRecognizerClient.beginRecognizeBusinessCardsFromUrl(businessCardUrl);

List<RecognizedForm> businessCardPageResults = analyzeBusinessCardPoller.getFinalResult();

for (int i = 0; i < businessCardPageResults.size(); i++) {
    RecognizedForm recognizedForm = businessCardPageResults.get(i);
    Map<String, FormField> recognizedFields = recognizedForm.getFields();
    System.out.printf("----------- Recognized business card info for page %d -----------%n", i);
    FormField contactNames = recognizedFields.get("ContactNames");
    if (contactNames != null) {
        if (FieldValueType.LIST == contactNames.getValue().getValueType()) {
            List<FormField> businessCardItems = contactNames.getValue().asList();
            businessCardItems.stream()
                .filter(businessCardItem -> FieldValueType.MAP == businessCardItem.getValue().getValueType())
                .map(formField -> {
                    System.out.printf("Contact name: %s%n", formField.getValueData().getText());
                    return formField.getValue().asMap();

>                 })

Reviewer: Just thinking about our variable names here, we should do this better 
```java
FormField contactNamesFormField = recognizedFields.get("ContactNames");
if (contactNameFormField != null) {
        if (FieldValueType.LIST == contactNamesFormField.getValue().getValueType()) {
            List<FormField> contactNamesList= contactNames.getValue().asList();
            contactNamesList.stream()
                .filter(contactNameItem-> FieldValueType.MAP == contactNameItem.getValue().getValueType())
                .map(eachContactName -> {
                    System.out.printf("Contact name: %s%n", eachContactName .getValueData().getText());
                    return eachContactName .getValue().asMap();
                })
```

}
```

### Recognize business cards

> Recognize data from a USA sales receipts using a prebuilt model. Business card fields recognized by the service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recognize data from business cards using a prebuilt model. Business card fields recognized by the service
```

> Recognize data from a USA sales receipts using a prebuilt model. Business card fields recognized by the service

Reviewer 3: Good catch. 
They are not, which is why they have different locale.

> can be found [here][service_recognize_business_card].

Reviewer 3: I think it will be better if we point to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/form-recognizer/concept-business-cards?#fields-extracted 
I will expect this page to get updated instead of us updating the reference of the link every time there is a new preview/stable version

Author: I can do that. Also that means `https://aka.ms/formrecognizer/businesscardfields` is useless and can be removed.

Reviewer 3: not really. In case we ever have to change where the link is pointing, it is better to change it just in one place than go through the code and updating it.
I will say leave it as is after the change you did of redirecting it to the docs place

Author: After I revisited, i found the link is used all over the place in the javadoc. I would probably keep it as it is. Since it is short.

Reviewer 3: Yes please leave it. I am not advocating for deleting it. My initial ask was to update where the link was pointing too (which you already did) but never to delete it :)

> See [StronglyTypedRecognizedForm][strongly_typed_sample] for a suggested approach to extract

Author: since we don't add a stronglyTypedRecognizeForm for business card. We might just keep it as geneic. So it refers to receipt and business card

            businessCardItems.stream()
                .filter(businessCardItem -> FieldValueType.MAP == businessCardItem.getValue().getValueType())
                .map(formField -> formField.getValue().asMap())
                .forEach(formFieldMap -> formFieldMap.forEach((key, formField) -> {
                    if ("FirstName".equals(key)) {
                        if (FieldValueType.STRING == formField.getValue().getValueType()) {
                            String firstName = formField.getValue().asString();
                            System.out.printf("First Name: %s, confidence: %.2f%n",
                                firstName, contactNames.getConfidence());
                        }
                    }
                    if ("LastName".equals(key)) {
                        if (FieldValueType.STRING == formField.getValue().getValueType()) {
                            String lastName = formField.getValue().asString();
                            System.out.printf("Last Name: %s, confidence: %.2f%n",
                                lastName, contactNames.getConfidence());
                        }

>                     }

Author: cool. i can remove a couple of fields
